---
layout: post
title: "Glenn's Resume"
date: "May 2nd, 2017"
output:
    html_document
tags: []
use_math : true
---
Glenn's Resume

### PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Highly motivated and detail oriented Data Scientist with extraordinary acumen in statistical model development, machine learning, data management, and data analysis. Rich experience working with multidisciplinary teams, leading statistics projects and providing statistical insight. Enjoy problem solving and working in a collaborative and dynamic work environment. 

### EDUCATION
The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHeath) School of Public Health, Houston, TX \\
Ph.D. in Biostatistics, 08/2011-08/2016 \\
Dissertation: Some statistical issues on progression of Alzheimer’s disease \\
\\
National Chiao Tung University (NCTU), Hsinchu, Taiwan \\
M.S. in Statistics, 02/2007-06/2008 \\
Thesis: Gene selection methods \\
\\
National Tsing Hua University (NTHU), Hsinchu, Taiwan	\\
B.S. in Mathematics, 09/2002-06/2006

### PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
##### Department of Management, Policy, and Community Health, UTHealth School of Public Health    Postdoctoral Fellow, 10/2016 – Present
##### Research Project:  Health and economic consequences of HPV-related diseases in the US and Texas, founded by The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center (MDACC) Moon Shots Program
###### Responsibilities:
* Build multi-type HPV transmission models (6000+ ODEs) and develop new statistical methods for longitudinal data to estimate lifetime medical costs
* Conduct simulations using Matlab, SAS, C and R. Do parallel computing in high performance computing environment
* Managed 1TB Market Scan dataset for method application and evaluate cost-effectiveness of HPV vaccinations
* Cooperate with researchers and doctors from UTHealth, MDACC, and Oakland University
Provide practical suggestions to Texas government for HPV vaccination decision-making and budgeting, to promote health and save money on HPV related disease treatments

##### Cancer Prevention Research Training Program, MDACC
##### Graduate Research Assistant, 07/2012 – 08/2016
###### Responsibilities:
* Managed large-scale faculty database and cancer registry data linked with SEER data using SAS
* Conducted statistical analysis such as Kaplan Meier, Cox model, linear regression, logistic regression
* Provided statistical consulting to postdocs and epidemiologists, and collaborated with researchers from
* Baylor College of Medicine, Drexel University College of Medicine, and University of New Mexico School of Medicine
* Presented statistical evidence for the efficiency of the Career Develop Program for Minority Faculties at Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC)

##### Department of Biostatistics, UTHealth School of Public Health
##### Graduate Teaching Assistant 08/2011 – 08/2012, 08/2013 – 12/2013, 05/2015 – 08/2015
###### Responsibilities: 
* Assisted teaching in both fundamental and advanced statistical courses
* Experienced with course development, independent lecturing and tutoring, homework grading, etc.
* Courses: Fundamental of Biostatistics, Theory of Biostatistics, and Stochastic Process of Biostatistics

##### Department of Biostatistics, UTHealth School of Public Health
##### Graduate Research Assistant 05/2015 – 08/2015
##### Machine Learning Project:  Some hybrid approaches to prediction of a binary outcome
###### Responsibilities:  
* Developed hybrid machine learning classification methods to predict binary outcomes
Compared the proposed methods by conducting simulations and applied our proposed methods to an environmental health dataset 
* Presented the project at 2015 JSM conference, Seattle, WA 

##### Institute of Statistics, NCTU 
##### Research Assistant, 06/2009 – 05/2010 
##### Project:  Small n and large p dataset 
###### Responsibilities:  
* Literature reviews on methods which handle small n and large p dataset
* Developed models to select differential variables for few data points but many features
Applied our methods to a breast cancer microarray dataset from University of South Florida

##### Institute of Statistics, NCTU
##### Graduate Teaching Assistant, 09/2007 – 06/2008
###### Responsibilities: 
* Assisted teaching in fundamental mathematics courses 
* Provided lecturing, tutoring, and homework and exam grading to freshmen 
* Courses: Calculus I and Calculus II 

### SKILLS
* Programing skills: C, Matlab, Python, R, SAS, STATA, SQL
* Language Skills: English (proficient), Mandarin (native) , Taiwanese (fluent)
* Soft Skills: communication, integrity, responsibility, teamwork, flexibility and interpersonal skills

### HONORS AND AWARDS
* 2016- present: Selected Member, Delta Omega Honorary Society of in Public Health. (Only at most ten of School of Public Health Graduates selected)
* 2015 Robert H. Bigelow Endowed Scholarship, UTHealth School of Public Health
* 2013 Girardi/Keese Scholarship in Biostatistics, UTHealth School of Public Health
* 2013 Boyd Harshbarger Student Travel Award, Southern Reginal Council On Statistics (SRCOS) Summer Conference in Nashville, TN 
* 2013 Recipient of Scholarship North America Taiwanese Engineering & Science Association (NATEA) -Dallas (Given to threeTaiwanese graduate students in Texas, per year)

### PUBLICATIONS & PRESENTATION
* __Peng, H. L.__ and Chan, W. (2016). Use non-linear mixed effects model to predict unobservable AD symptom duration, paper presented at 2016 JSM, Chicago, IL
* __Peng, H. L.__, Wu, C., and Chan, W. (2015). Some hybrid approaches to prediction of a binary outcome, paper presented at 2015 JSM, Seattle, WA
* __Peng, H. L.__, Aschenbrenner, A. R., and Chan, W. (2013). Estimating the nucleotide substitution matrix using a full four-state transition rate matrix, paper presented in SRCOS Conference, Nashville, TN, and Eastern North American Region of International Biometric Society (ENAR), Orlando, FL
* Davis, J., Lee, H., Kim, J., Advani, S., __Peng, H. L.__, Banfiels, E., Hawk, E., Chang, S., Frazier-Wood, A. (2017). Use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in U.S. adults: Changes over time and by demographic. Open Heart, 4(1), e000550.
* Szabo, E., Prophet, E., __Peng, H. L.__, Lee, H., Chang, S., Davis, J. (2017). P1. 01-040 Long-Term Survival in Metastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: An Investigation Using Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results Data. Journal of Thoracic Oncology, 12(1), S474.
* __Peng, H. L.__, Chan, W., Lairson, D. R., Xiong, M., Chen, D., and Doody, R. S. (2017). Prediction of unobservable pre-clinic symptom duration for Alzheimer’s patients using their longitudinal quadratic trends of neuropsychological variables (revising)
* __Peng, H. L.__, Chan, W., and Kass, J. (2017). Estimation of transition rates for continuous time Markov chain with death when data are clustered and subject to censorship (under review)
* __Peng, H. L.__, Aschenbrenner, A. R., von Sternberg, K., Mullen, P., and Chan, W. (2017) A four-state continuous-time Markov chain approach with using the exact likelihood in longitudinal studies of behavioral changes (under review)
* Chang, S., Morahan, S. P., Magrane, D., Helitzer, D., Lee, H., Newbill, S., __Peng, H. L.__, Guindani, M., and Cardinali, F. (2016). Retaining faculty in academic medicine: The impact of career development programs for women. Journal of Women's Health. 25(7): 687-696.
* Agollah, G.D., Wu, G., __Peng, H. L.__, and Kwon, S. (2015). Dextran sulfate sodium-induced acute colitis impairs dermal lymphatic function in mice. World journal of gastroenterology, 21(45), 12767.

